

Beyond



	
Associate Analyst - SF
Research | San Francisco, CA, United States 

Beyond is an experience design agency, with brand and user research at our core.  Some of our client's include Google, Instagram, Hershey’s, Facebook, Virgin, and Guggenheim.
 
Our Insights & Analytics team works on a range of primary and secondary research projects including:
 
Brand reputation analysis to help companies understand customer perceptions of their brand in social conversations and media coverage
Influencer analysis to identify leading authors and social media users affecting perception to industry topics
Consumer insights research to identify customers’ needs and concerns, and how they evolve during the customer decision journey
White space research to identify trending online conversation topics and where there are opportunities for brands to engage
User research with customers and stakeholders to inform content strategy, UX, and design
 
Position Overview
 
Every member of our team has their own unique interests, background and skill sets, but we are all smart, curious researchers. A competitive candidate for the associate position will also have research experience—ideally leveraging both qualitative and quantitative methods—and demonstrated critical thinking skills. We don’t care whether you interviewed subjects in a university lab, scoured the library stacks gathering data on your thesis, or analyzed the traffic to your blog, we just want to see how you think.
 
Job Responsibilities:
 
Think through and execute both quantitative and qualitative research methodologies on various data types
Support a team of analysts on all stages of research, including data extraction, contractor coordination, chart creation, report creation, analysis writing and report editing
Contribute to primary research by helping to draft interview questionnaires and design surveys
Review and analyze data, then communicate key findings through written summaries and recommendations
Educate and manage contractors in collecting, organizing and tagging content for themes, messages and sentiment
Maintain a high level of data quality during data extraction and analysis.
Sift through large volumes of social media conversations and mainstream media coverage to identify clear, actionable trends in conversation
Create intuitive, easy-to-understand visualizations to help communicate findings
Prepare high quality, error-free research reports consistent with Beyond and client standards
 
Required Background & Qualifications:
 
Four-year college degree from a top tier school, with coursework and research experience in the social sciences, or business, marketing, applied mathematics, statistics or communications
Competence with Microsoft Office applications (Word, Excel, PowerPoint).
Well-developed writing and organizational skills
Intellectually curious, can-do attitude, and ability to hit the ground running on projects
Some familiarity with basic statistics including sample size calculation, confidence intervals, margin of error and linear correlation/regression
 
 
Perks of Working at Beyond
 
We offer a competitive salary and great benefits, including the opportunity to work from our other offices in New York, and London. You will get 20 days holiday (plus a nice week off at Xmas and a bonus holiday on your birthday).
 
 
Resume and Cover Letter
 
If your background matches our Associate Analyst needs please submit your resume and a cover letter. In 300 words or less, please describe a time when you gathered information to solve a problem or make an informed decision. Please outline the steps you took and how you arrived at a conclusion. (This can be something as simple as the last time you bought a pair of sunglasses or a research project that you worked on in school).
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

<< Back to Current Openings
		
	Send Jobvite


Jobvite


